Well, some things you have to remember about reaching your life goals
is that timing is a huge aspect of it. Um, and I do know I also don't
think, uh, a goal has to be a particular path because they're gonna
be demands on your life that you can't control, especially being in
the military. So, for instance, if you want to get a higher education,
say beyond a master's degree and you're still in the military,
you have military responsibilities that you have to fulfill, probably
before you can attain that goal. Now, there are certain ways you might
be able to to get closer to that goal in the military. But I think
that largely revolves around attaching yourself to people that are
associated with haggle, asking people questions, making yourself
known, making you're making it known that you're interested in that
type of thing. Um, that's probably the best advice I can really give
you right now.